README.md, before:

- Create React App
- Configured Tailwind
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file


# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
      - Tailer in Background
      - Title & Description
      - MovieSuggestions
         - MovieLists * N
NetflixGPT
    Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions



0.Install firebase CLI - `npm install -g firebase tools`
1.Firebase login- `firebase login`
2.Intialize Firebase- `firebase init`, then select hositng
3.Deploy -`firebase deploy`

Commit message:

created main conatiner with video bg

README.md, after:

- Create React App
- Configured Tailwind
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- Unsubscibed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file


19/08

 - Regiter TMDB API & create an app & get access token
 - Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
 - Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
 - Create movieSlice
 - Update Store with movies Data
 - Planning for MainContauiner & secondary container
 - Fetch Data for Trailer Video
 - Update Store with Trailer Video Data
 - Embedded the Yotube video and make it autoplay and mute
 - Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome


# Features
- Login/Sign Up
    - Sign In /Sign up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
    - Header
    - Main Movie
      - Tailer in Background
      - Title & Description
      - MovieSuggestions
         - MovieLists * N
NetflixGPT
    Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions



0.Install firebase CLI - `npm install -g firebase tools`
1.Firebase login- `firebase login`
2.Intialize Firebase- `firebase init`, then select hositng
3.Deploy -`firebase deploy`
